hey this is a mall from another craft
209 what to do a quick video unboxing of
the various iron shield for the note 4 I
just got again now actually ordered a
different color but um they had this one
in stock so i actually got some amazon
today shipping and the other one is
still actually ordered that when i
ordered is a like a titanium finish i'll
go over that in just a little bit so
when the quick ones on the box it and
stick it on the note that my note for
and i'll actually doing a follow up
video with this my Ricky fusion case and
also the speaking tough armor so i'll
post that in just a little bit too so
anyway really quick to unbox there's two
tabs right here there's a sticky plastic
right there and right here so i ended up
actually already cutting that off so
we'll go over what comes in the
packaging really quick just a really
simple I'm gonna turn the exposure down
just a little bit really simple guy just
to show you how it snaps on and so on
this one a compared to speak in this
case for example it's their directions
either put the TPU on first and then
install for the metal bumper frame so
anyway that is basically all that comes
with the case there this is a hard shell
tube their packaging which is kind of
cool it's kind of like the speaking case
also that that's a farmer came with a
hard plastic and the nice thing is then
you can you know story a case in here
are your extra cases or whatever and
it's protected so it's basically a it's
a reusable so really quick let's go over
the all right so the iron shield a lot
like the speaking has a kind of rubbery
slick feel to it and I really like this
the kind of pebbled
sure if you can see that or not one of
the main reasons I got it was for this
kind of look and the one at amazon thus
the titanium silver one looks really
cool kind of reminded me a lot of the
note fours design kind of just how it is
without a case so let's kind of wanted
to mimic so this is the blue one which
what color it's though leaving monaco
blue yeah monaco blue i'll post a link
to this in amazon two guys in so you can
buy that it um they they do make a
version of this speaker makes a version
of this i think they call the new hybrid
one of the main differences between the
Neo Hybrid and this one is that the new
hybrid I believe is a plastic frame and
so this is a aluminum it's metal so has
its kind of shine to it and yeah over
time I'm sure aware probably but it's me
the metal aluminum kind of really was
reminiscent of what the note 4 kind of
the original design so this is my note
for holster I think I've got a video on
this already so if you're interested go
check that out and this is a the rinky
fusion case I have on there right now
and I've modified it to and I'll kind of
go over my modifications when I do kind
of the video comparing all three of
these really quick so this is the no 4
from Verizon and one of the things that
the point out is as you guys may or may
not already know the verizon note for is
a little bit different than AT&T and
t-mobile and Sprint because they
actually changed their the layout of
their microphone port so a lot of the
cases one of the microphone ports lineup
and the other one does not and that is
also the case with this and I'll
probably end up modifying it I already
have a video kind of explaining how i
modified the
armor spigen and also my ring key so
alright guys side have the various I
actual case installed onto the note for
a couple things out oh no is this back
and one of the main reasons i got the
case was because this kind of textured
back it reminds me a lot of Samsung's
design but the nice thing is it it's not
plasticky it's actually like a soft
rubber if we make that out an app but
there's a really nice feel to it I think
it's a really nice kind of grip and one
of the things about the original note
i'm in the note for the case here has
that texture to it but it's still
plastic and it is in my opinion a little
slippery so really like the kind of
texture this case adds to it really
helps with the grip one other thing I'll
point out is the aluminum frame that you
know you attach on I it's probably not
as noticeable on this blue but on the
silver level that I've ordered I I think
it'll be a little bit more noticeable
but it does have that kind of bevel that
chamfered edge they call I guess that
the original note does and so I really
like to look at that but let me use it
for a couple hours day or two and I will
actually post a review with the various
case the rinky fusion case and my
speaking Thai farmer and what I think
I'll put a couple of things just I
noticed off of the bat is the bumper
kind of that raised edge unit to protect
the screen is very pronounced on this
case and this almost maybe even slightly
more so than the tough armor but i'll
compare that when i do the video and it
does cover just slightly that gap that
people are concerned about so the case
does come over that top of that yeah has
a nice look as a nice feel to it i will
post a review comparing all three of the
cases i currently have and then maybe
when I even get
the titanium silver or whatever they
call it I'll do a follow up review also
and let me put the case kind of through
its paces a little bit test it out and
see how the fit and finishes some things
I can't tell right now with the camera
all right guys take care of subscribe
comment stay tuned for that kind of case
comparison and also other leather part
no items i'll be posting pretty soon all
right take care bye